feat(nuxt): support `deep: false` for data composables (#23600)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/1.composables/use-async-data.md

  server?: boolean
  lazy?: boolean
  immediate?: boolean

>   deep?: boolean

Reviewer: Isn't it easier to understand with `shallow` or `shallowRef` instead of `deep` ?

Reviewer 2: I was thinking:
1. it mirrors the `deep` option for `watch`
2. it will make more sense later on if we choose to default to false (so `{ deep: true }` would be required to turn on deep reactivity)

  * _transform_: a function that can be used to alter `handler` function result after resolving
  * _pick_: only pick specified keys in this array from the `handler` function result
  * _watch_: watch reactive sources to auto-refresh

>   * _shallow_: return data in a shallow ref, instead of a deep ref object. This is useful when you want to fine-tune reactivity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * _shallow_: return data in a shallow ref, instead of a deep ref object. This can improve performance when your data does not need to be deeply reactive.
```
